 
 

 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
    

321) Supplement to AMERICAN BREWERS” REVIEW. '

WAHL & HENIUS.
Scientiﬁc Station for Eating of Chicago.

THE OBJECT OF THE SCIENTIFIC STATION:

To aid the brewer in detectingand to rid himself of disturbing in-
ﬂuences leading to the production of faulty beer. ,

To aid the brewerin manufacturing beer as economically as possible,
Without affecting quality of article produced in any way detrimentally.

To aid in the progress of the art of brewing by scientiﬁc and practical

researches.

~ THESE OBJECTS ARE ATTAINEDL

1. By analysis and examination of the raw materials and other
articles used‘in the manufacture of beer and of the intermediate
products.

2. By determining the yield obtainable from the malt. cereals,
hops, etc., employed.

3. By examining and correcting instruments employed in brew-
eries, such as thermometers and saccharometers. »

4. By examining and giving our opinion on new apparatus,
methods and inventions introduced into the trade,

5. By making experiments and observations in the brewery.

6. By communicating to our members the results of scientiﬁc
and practical researches undertaken by the station.‘

THE ADVANTAGES THAT BREWERS HAVE DERIVED WHO
HAVE ENGAGED OUR SERVICES ARE: - -

1. A saving of raw material by our advising methods of extract-
ing the material as completely as possible, without affecting the
quality of the beer in any *

way d...........c.uy, - ...membershim.

2. Lessening the loss of

beer through its bec0ming Only such Brewers and .Malt-

unﬁt for market by draw- _ .
ing attention in, due time sters can obtain full beneﬁt from

to dangers to which beer is
exposed. . our work who have become mem

3. By saving beer that 'bers of our Station; that is to say,

{:25 become unﬁt for mar' only those'who remain constantly

4. By guarding brewers in touch with the Station by hav-

against loss resulting from - .
the delivery of spuriousgoods mg the materials employed by

by dealers, 01‘ gOOdS that d0 them and intermediate products

not come up to sample. This .
is done by comparing the examined by us regularly. Mem-

quality of the goods delivered . .
With the quality of sample bets pay per annum accordlng to

boughtfromand determining their. output, for which amount

difference in value. . . . '
5 EV consulting from all analyses, and examlnations

time ‘00 time with the requiredare made and our advice

brewer or manager and in- , .
vestigatingpersonally any given whenever required.

giggglties ihati may have . - rVis-its to the breweries at the
6. By giving our exper- Special request of a:»memb_e1j are

ience as to the utility ofw . - _

new apparatus that brew- Charged according to expenses

ers may wish to introduce and time.
into their establishments. /

iiibii‘tii“ 288-294 80. Water 81., Car. Lake st, Chicago,.lll.

 

Pure Yeast Cultivat-
ed according to
Hansen’s method.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. Clifton.

 

